So, how to create your AI twin. So,
hopefully everybody has two monitors. I
feel bad for you if you on a laptop or
on your phone right now, but um if you
can open up Gemini in a separate tab
and then we're going to start
working on this. So the first thing that
we're going to do is
if you're if you're in
Gemini
in the comments I am dropping a link.
So if everyone can click on that link
and so that link is a custom
loan factory AI twin creator. So this is
going to be really cool. It's going to
help you create it. So with this, it's
going to help master your tone of
communications, all that. So we're we're
going to follow the directions on this
and and get started. So let me go ahead
and share the appropriate screen with
you guys now.
All right. So everybody should see my
screen. So on the lefth hand side, I've
got the Lone Factory AI Twin Creator.
And on the right side, I have a brand
new clean uh Gemini account that I
literally just just set up. So, what
we're going to do here first
is on the one on the left, the Loan
Factory AI Twin Creator, you're you're
really just going to start and start it
and you can go, "Hey, this is Jeremy
McDonald.
I want to
Get my afin.